# Readme
## ■Overview
This is a mod that adds a new play to gun modification parts and modification sockets.  
By paying platinum coins for guns and modification parts, you can do the following.  
Remove modification parts freely.  
Increase the number of modification sockets  
Increase the + value of modification parts.  
(Added on 2025/01/15) Combination of modified parts  
  
## ■How to use
Select “RuneSmith” from the context menu (middle-click menu) of the barrel accelerator.  
Select “RuneSmith” from the context menu (middle-click menu) of the barrel accelerator to open the dedicated item selection menu.  
The menu allows you to select long-range weapons and modified parts.  

## ■Modified parts synthesis
(Added on 2025/01/15)  
From the context menu (middle-click menu) of the barrel accelerator  
RuneCombine” from the context menu (middle-click menu) of the barrel accelerator to open the dedicated item selection menu.  
By combining two modification parts of the same type, it is possible to enhance them at a slightly lower cost than normal enhancements. (The default coefficient is 1.0, half of the normal enhancement.)  
This is a so-called “Nicoichi” element, which gives some meaning to surplus parts that were originally unnecessary.  
No matter in which order the two parts are selected, the part with the lower + value will be used as bait, and the part used as bait will disappear.  
(Note that from a balancing perspective, the + value can only be increased by +1, as in the case of reinforcement.)  
  
## ■Costs and configurations used
The various enhancements are paid for with platinum coins.  
The cost is calculated as follows.  
Modification socket increase -- current number of sockets * socket increase cost (default 100)  
Modified part + value enhancement -- current part + value * part enhancement cost (default 2.0)  
Modified Parts Synthesis -- higher part + value * part enhancement cost (default 1.0)  
Note that the modified parts synthesis also consumes bait parts as a cost.  
  
From the player's context menu (middle-click menu)  
RuneSmith Settings” from the player's context menu (middle-click menu) to adjust the cost balance.  
Please adjust freely according to your taste and level.  
Configuration can also be changed by directly adjusting the following file.  
(Elin installation folder)\BepInEx\config\yu-ituki.elin.gun_smith.mod.cfg  
   
## ■Explanation of source code
TraitRuneSmith.cs and TraitRuneCombine.cs generated by Initialize() in RuneSmithManager.cs are the body of the process.    
ModUIEntry.cs extends the context menu of the barrel accelerator and calls each Trait from there by force.    
  